Todo:

audiometry branch field

1. all tables major update - implement pagination logic 


HAPPY EARS PROJECT - structure
Frontend using React.js, Bootstrap 5
Backend using Node.js
Authentication, Database(including files) using Firebase

frontend routes:
1. navbar including sign in feature
2. "/" - Homepage with big buttons to redirect to other pages
3. "/audiometry" - Audiometry chart page - features: chart generation
4. "/inventory" - Inventory Management page
        features:-
        i. view all products
        ii. add new single product with add button
        iii. add new products with import button
        iv. export all products data with export button --- NOT DONE
        v. transfer product button to transfer to a different branch
        vi. return product button to mark product as returned
        vii. edit action button to modify details
5. "/generate-invoice" - Invoice generation page with form - features: save and print
6. "/sales-report" - List of all invoice records
        features:-
        i. export all invoices data with export button --- NOT DONE
        ii. print action button
        iii. edit action button 
7. "/admin-panel" - Admin Panel for additional features and to execute custom scripts


database collections:
1. users - each document representing all information of one user and access authorization
2. invoices - each document representing one invoice with full information given in form
3. products - each document representing one serial with all basic product information
4. product_logs - log against per product containing current user, reason, operation [operation types: import, invoiced, transfer_add, transfer_remove, returned, add, update ]
5. branches - each document representing one branch with basic information
6. audiometry - each document representing one audiomtry report against a patient with patient information and remarks
7. doctor - each document representing a doctor entity with their respective details and signature file



